EPISODE 6 UPDATE
■■■ New Content ■■■

1. New city: Lighthalzen.

New Field Map: Lighthalzen Field

New Dungeons: Bio Laboratory F1, Bio Laboratory F2 East Area, Bio Laboratory F2 West Area.

2. 1 new Mini boss, 3 MVPs. Only 1 MVP will respawn automatically, players will need to do something to summon the other 2.

3. Lv.120 players may accept new main story quest of Lighthalzen at Prontera.

4. New feature: A party of 6 npcs will fight along your side (in new main story quest I guess).

5. New graphic filter mode (in main story scene).

6. New job: Super Novice. Novice can change job to High Novice at Base Lv80, then change job to Super Novice at Job Lv70.

❈ High Novice/Super Novice will get Lv up buff (Suffragium, Impositio Manus, Gloria, Magnificat, Kyrie Eleison, etc)

❈ High Novice will not have the 80 skill points of First & Second job. But players will get extra 240 stat points as reward after changed job to Super Novice.Translated by Clo, don’t steal my shit without informing.

❈ High Novice can be unlocked through job switching system.


■■■ New Gameplay ■■■

1. New 12 players party mode: Alliance

❈ Players may click [Upgrade to Alliance] to upgrade your party into Alliance.
❈ At common map, Alliance will be splitted as Party 1 & Party 2.
❈ Players in each party may see each others in Raid map.


2. New Lv80 Raid: Thanatos will be added at the East of Yuno

❈ 3 difficulty modes: Newbs(NYI), Warrior, Hero(NYI). (Yep, only warrior mode is available for now)

❈ Reviving amount will be limited depend on the difficulty mode and players may only be revived by other players.
■■■ New Rune system(not the Aesir monument shit) ■■■

1. To activate the rune system, player has to be Lv80 and complete the quest to get Coffer of Rune.Translated by Clo, don’t steal my shit without informing.

2. There are Large Rune skills and Small Rune skills.

3. Skill runes increase the power of job skills while Stat runes increase the Stats.

4. There are 3 type of Stat runes: Offensive Runes, Defensive Runes, Buffing Runes. Stat runes can be upgraded to maximum of Lv10 by consuming same type of runes.

5. There are 3 level of quality for Skill runes, the conditions to activate each skill runes are different. Player has to meet the requirements with the linked small rune to activate the rune. Skill rune's quality can be increased by combining, or obtaining fixed job runes.
■■■ New Housing system ■■■

1. Players may accept 'New home, new hope' quest once reached Base lv.70 and receive a Furniture Storing Box afterward.

2. Talk to Sif to buy a house which will cost 1mil Zeny. Finish the quest of Goddess Sif to obtain a discount coupon(up to 50%). Unlock Building Master as Adventurer skill afterward.

3. Enter the house by clicking More menu-> Housing. There are a few UI to introduce:

❈ Mark: Mark your house by judging the furniture you put. The mark will affect the buffs you get.
❈ Popularity: The amount of visitors.
❈ Name & detail of your house.

Talk to your butler once you enter your house to build and decorate your house.

4. Three ways to obtain furniture recipes: Furniture seller/Exchange reputation/Singra Box

5. Players may obtain special materials by buying from NPC or exchange from Butler system.

6. Players may obtain unlock buffs by crafting furnitures.

7. Some furnitures can be interacted.

8. New character sharing item: Blueprint collections

❈ It can be obtained by unlocking housing system.
❈ Free 5 housing Blueprints will be given.
❈ Complete the furnitures and put them on to unlock achievements.
■■■ Singra Box ■■■

1. Singra's Box: New series of quests.

❈ Lv120 players may receive quests from Singra's Box at Lighthalzen to obtain headgears.
❈ One quest of Mel area & Belle Area will be given randomly everyday.
❈ There are 14 series of quests. Complete a series of quests to obtain exclusive headgears.
❈ Refresh time: Every morning 5am. It won't refresh again if all series are completed.


■■■ Character related ■■■

1. Base lv cap increased to lv130.

2. Third job lv cap increased to lv70. Players will get the Breakthrough quest once reaching job lv60. The 10 skill points after breakthrough can be used on learning [Body Strengthen]

3. Add 2 boss that can be rolled call as death boss: Mistress & Phreeoni. Add Mistress★ card and Phreeoni★ card to King Poring Customization.

4.Some armors can be Synthesis now. The rules are same as Weapon Synthesis.

5. Lucky shop will now sell new 6.0 items for lv120 players.

6. Add EP5.0 monster cards to Gacha Machine III.
■■■ New Mount ■■■

All classes may now obtain mount quest at Prontera after finishing third job changing quest.

■■■ New Glamouring system ■■■

Improve Costume system, it's easier to use now. Players may store more items (weapon, shield and mount) on Journal.

■■■ BBC related ■■■

Double donation reward is back(cos it's new EP). EP 6.0 premium card also available. And some other shit Clo is too lazy to translate, please just check in game.
■■■ Other optimazation ■■■

1. New Traveler Guide(yeah a guide in game, congratulations). Players will obtain it once reaching Lv18.

2. Add 3 catchable pets: Marina, Hurricane monster, Robot Hound. 7 combinable pets: Orc Lady, Minorous, Sky Petite, Highland Parasite, MScavenger Martin, Orc Baby, Moonlight Flower.

3. New filter system for Camera.

4. New Reputation system: Bio lab Reputation, Belle Area Reputation, Mel area Reputation, Housing Reputation. Reputation can be obtained by gifting. Increase Reputation to unlock items that can be bought.

5.Add animations to Yuno main story quests.

6. Daily quest bulletin will only show 5 quets now. Complete 3 quests to obtain all rewards. Add lv120 daily quests.

7. Mercenary Delivery item may now clear the daily quest of any levels.

8.Event cute boy Mitt may now exchange Frey's Coins with ur old Costumes.

9.Remove the text wall of South Field.
■■■ Data Adjustment ■■■

1. Card Adjustments

❈ Garm Card: Has 30% chance to freeze enemies for 2 secs, ignore freeze immunity.
❈ Storing effect of Garm Card: Deal more
this is ep.6 patch note, dont know when we will get this update yet
